I think the atom builder is back - check out the viewer, birkeland and platonic solids.



Finish the Structured Atom site.
Figure out how to store resources.
Create the module to store links - almost like the instagram modules.
Store a link, allow it to be referenced like any other resource.

I have the ability to store private content.  Now I need to filter for it in my query.  It's close
I have separate menu and themes for the colors and pages
The Domain module helps a lot. Not everything.

Resources is where I need to work now.
Allow for selection by topic.
I need a curator.

How do I push all this work forward. Going back now is a mistake.
Finish this. 
Figure out MailChimp and Subscriptions.

Is this really the answer?  You've put considerable effort into it.
Are you going to pursue it to the end?
Why are you holding back?
Get it out there.
Make it public.

Do the mail chimp thing - tomorrow with Teresa.
Figure out how to send shit to everyone.

Give Edo the ability to save his contacts.
Send out to everybody a periodic update.
Ask for money?
Ask for money?
How? 




What next?
Do something........Then get on with life.

What the fuck should we do next?  I don't know.......
Goto the d8 site and load lightning.
Also load auto-save


Boron neutrons
Fix viewer to screen - what does that mean?
Could I simply make it same size as the screen?
Then there wouldn't ever be a scroll bar.
Sound good.
Make it work.

Fix the theme(s) on the basic viewer.



Done - Made vertices work again.
Done - Highlight the selected nuclet.
Select 3 protons, draw a triangle
calculate the fourth point and put the ghost proton there.
Then save those positions in the nuclet files - have to add extra protons to the icosahedron, final, initial.


What next?  The builder is in pretty good shape.  A quick style option?  Have it be the 

Write something.



Save what I have?
I broke createNuclet into pieces.
Add to the faces whether they are transparent or not - az_transparent = true
When I save the atom save their transparency.

There is only one reactive state.
On the atom page show the current list of states that are selected.   This really isn't needed is it,.
Display the name of the reactive state.
Create a select list of current states of this atom.
It will work much like the current select for style files.

Have a new button, they 




What am I doing?  I don't have any idea?  I want to know how to do it?


What the fuck am I doing?  I don't really know.  


Scene
  I like having the Reset camera and Full screen buttons always there.  Buttons overlaying the builder area. 

The sidebar is nice for semi-permenant stuff.

   Reset camera
   Full Screen

   Atom  
     In place editor to edit description, name, isotope, etc.  
     Display information
     Show # protons
     actions
       select atom
       save
       new
       delete

   Nuclet

   Mouse Mode
     Add/delete protons
     Assign inner faces
     Assign outer faces
     Edit nuclet
        Show in sidebar

   Style 
     Show 5 or six styles - config button pops up the style dialog
     actions
       show a list of styles
        
   
      
   Themes - 
   
